---
title: September 2022
categories:
- statuses
tags:
- statuses
---


> “It's time you realized that you have something in you more powerful and miraculous than the things that affect you and make you dance like a puppet.” — Marcus Aurelius


> “You are scared of dying, but tell me, is the kind of life you lead really any different from being dead?”
>
> - seneca


>Almost everything in the external world is constantly changing according to forces beyond our control, and yet we invest our hopes into them as though they’re forever. We seek validation in other’s opinions of us, which are as fickle as the wind. We pour our pride in garments that are always falling out of fashion, and in beauty that is always fading. We judge our worth by our cars and homes, which are crumbling atom by atom, and in trinkets that are always losing their luster. We base our moods on the weather, or the stock market, or the success of our favorite football team, all of which follow a fate we can’t comprehend. We seek happiness in that which is momentary, and thus our happiness becomes momentary.
>
>Seeking validation in that which we can’t preserve prevents us from owning our own well-being. By focusing on what we can’t control, we lose control.


> Any person capable of angering you becomes your master.
>
> Instead of focusing your energy on “fixing” those who anger you, which is impossible, instead focus on fixing yourself.

<!-- 
> A huge obstacle to success is a fear of appearing foolish.
>
> When we learn to walk, we fall over and over again until we can do it. We look foolish until the minute we don't. That is how we learn. As adults we often tell ourselves that failing in front of other people is bad, so we don't try things that might make us look foolish.
>
> So much advantage in life comes from being willing to look foolish in the short term.


> “Not wanting something is as good as having it.”

>  ‘If you don’t know what you want, you end up with a lot that you don’t.‘ –Chuck Palahnuik


> “If you’re thinking without writing, you only think you’re thinking.” — Leslie Lamport  -->