---
title: May 2024
categories:
- statuses
tags:
- statuses
---


> Try to define yourself by what you love and embrace, rather than what you hate and refuse.

> If you think someone is normal, you don’t know them very well. Normalcy is a fiction. Your job is to discover their weird genius.

> Most arguments are not really about the argument, so most arguments can’t be won by arguing.

> Changing your mind about important things is not a consequence of stupidity, but a sign of intelligence.

> Your decisions will become wiser when you consider these three words: “…and then what?” for each choice.

> Doing good is its own reward. When you do good, people will question your motive, and any good you accomplish will soon be forgotten. Do good anyway.

> Strong opinions, clearly stated, but loosely held is the recipe for an intellectual life. Always ask yourself: what would change my mind?

> The most selfish thing in the world you can do is to be generous. Your generosity will return you ten fold.

> The highest form of wealth is deciding you have enough.

>  When you are right, you are learning nothing.

> It is impossible to be curious and furious at the same time, so avoid furious.

> Get good at being corrected without being offended.

> Recipe for greatness: expect much of yourself and little of others.

> Humility is mostly about being very honest about how much you owe to luck.

> Ask yourself who you would want to spend your last day of your with and figure out how you could meet them tomorrow and then meet them as often as you can.

> "The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively." - Bob Marley

> “I learned that no matter how bad my environment seemed, I could control my attitude about it by controlling my thought picture.
​>
> My problems were many but my conscious mind could only think about one thing at a time and I could control that one thought.
​>
> You see, as long as I controlled the next thing that I thought about my environment did not matter. Do you see that?” -  Freedom Flight

> “It is the nature of man to build the most complicated cage of rules and regulations in which to trap himself, and then, with equal ingenuity and zest, to bend his brain to the problem of wriggling triumphantly out again. Lent was a challenge; the game was to ferret out the loopholes.” — Bridget Ann Henisch

<!-- May 27 -->
<!-- 
> What would you be doing if you could design the most productive 60 minutes of your week?

> What is the discipline you need to adopt to create the outcomes you want?

> “Ignore the glass ceiling and do your work. If you’re focusing on the glass ceiling, focusing on what you don’t have, focusing on the limitations, then you will be limited. My way was to work, make my short… make my documentary… make my small films… use my own money… raise money myself… and stay shooting and focused on each project.” - Ava Duvernay

> "He is careful of what he reads, for that is what he will write. He is careful of what he learns, for that is what he will know." — Annie Dillard -->