---
title: February 2024
categories:
- statuses
tags:
- statuses
---

> Those who cannot live in harmony with the world are fools though they may be highly educated.

> Success or failure is part of life, but a balanced mind is an ornament of the great.

> Of all the goodness nothing is equal to the state of being free from jealousy. Those who boast that they do not desire wealth alone are envious of other’s wealth. Fortune deserts the jealous and introduces them to misfortune. No one has ever prospered through jealousy and those who are free from jealousy have never become poor.

> The law of pure-hearted is never to hurt others even if it brings all the wealth and fame. Taking revenge even against planned evil-doers brings endless miseries. The best way of punishing the evil doers is to do good to them. Your education is of no use if you do not regard the pains of others as your own. Refrain from hurting anyone wilfully in any manner at any time even in thoughts. Those, who want to be free from pains, will not do wrong since all wrongs rebound on wrong-doer.

> Craving is the root cause of all the sufferings, those who totally renounce their cravings enjoy the freedom of life.

> "Pay attention to how readily people talk themselves out of things—and be wary of adopting the same narrative. People will often try to convince you their limiting beliefs should become your own. They do not. Find your own ceiling."

> “The common trait of people who supposedly have vision is that they spend a lot of time reading and gathering information, and then they synthesize it until they come up with an idea.” — Fred Smith

> “Don’t aim at success—the more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side-effect of one’s dedication…In the long run—in the long run, I say!—success will follow you precisely because you had forgotten to think about it.” — Viktor Frankl


> “People are more adept [at] working against [things] than oftentimes we give them credit for. We often think of people working for things, but they often work against things. They work against poverty. They work against their upbringing. They work against some of these things just as much as they’re working for them. Some people are very fear-driven. We talk about fear as being very negative, but it also can be very positive.” — Dr. Julie Gurner

> You don't need more time; you need more focus.
>
> Fewer projects. Fewer commitments. Fewer obligations. Fewer responsibilities.
>
> Carefully choose your commitments, then go all in.

> Rich people have money. Wealthy people have time.


> “A good friend is like a four-leaf clover, hard to find and lucky to have.” — Irish Proverb

> If the prize is your sanity, you shouldn't pay it. 

> The persona is incapable of receiving love  it can only recieve praise

> People do hurt you knowingly or unknowingly, but try not to give it back always. 

> if you want real adventure in life, always tell the truth.

> Intelligent people know how to get what they want. Wise people know what's worth wanting

> if you put all the expectations that you have about other upon you, you mostly will collapse..

> It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. -Epictetus

> Do things for your own satisfaction. Consider praise from others to be a bonus. If you don't work for their validation in the first place, you won't need it to feel satisfied once it's done.

> "Children learn more from what you are than what you teach." - W.E.B. Du Bois

> The secret is not to find the meaning of life, but to use your life to do/make things that are meaningful.

